Add `authenticated-resource` to account/details (#502)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/account.mdx

# Account API

> Account represents the current user interacting with Terraform. It returns the same type of object as the [Users](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/users) API, but also includes an email address, which is hidden when viewing info about other users. For requests authenticated by a team token or organization token, the service
> user associated with those objects will be returned. To access the underlying token holder, you may use the `authenticated-resource` relationship. For user tokens,
> this will be the same as the user itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account represents the current user interacting with Terraform. It returns the same type of object as the [Users](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/users) API, but also includes an email address, which is hidden when viewing info about other users. 

For internal reasons, team tokens and organization tokens are associated with a synthetic user account called a "service user." For account requests authenticated by a team token or organization token, Terraform Cloud returns the associated service user. To access the underlying team or organization associated with the token, you may use the `authenticated-resource` relationship. (For user tokens,
this will be the same as the user itself.)
```
